alpesis-mooc.md, before:

Alpesis MOOC
==============================================================================

Books
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning

- [book-machine-learning-in-action](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-machine-learning-in-action)
- [book-natural-language-processing-with-python](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-natural-language-processing-with-python)

CUDA

- [book-professional-cuda-c-programming](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-professional-cuda-c-programming)

Python

- [book-python-testing-cookbook](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-python-testing-cookbook)
- [book-data-structure-and-algorithms-in-python](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-data-structure-and-algorithms-in-python)
- [book-learning-python-the-hard-way](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-learning-python-the-hard-way)

Scala

- [book-programming-in-scala](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/programming-in-scala)

R

- [book-an-introduction-to-statistical-learning](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-an-introduction-to-statistical-learning)

SAS

- [book-learning-sas-by-example](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-learning-sas-by-example)

Udacity
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- [udacity-st101-intro-to-statistics](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-st101-intro-to-statistics)

- [udacity-cs212-design-of-computer-programs](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-cs212-design-of-computer-programs)
- [udacity-cs215-social-network-analysis](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-cs215-social-network-analysis)
- [udacity-cs262-programming-languages](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-cs262-programming-languages)
- [udacity-cs258-software-testing](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-cs258-software-testing)
- [udacity-cs259-software-debugging](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-cs259-software-debugging)

- [udacity-ud032-data-wrangling-with-mongodb](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-ud032-data-wrangling-with-mongodb)
- [udacity-carnd-self-driving-car](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-carnd-self-driving-car)

Commit message:

[master] added udacity-ud585-intro-to-ios-app-development-with-swift on alpesis-mooc.md. 	modified:   alpesis-mooc.md

alpesis-mooc.md, after:

Alpesis MOOC
==============================================================================

Books
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning

- [book-machine-learning-in-action](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-machine-learning-in-action)
- [book-natural-language-processing-with-python](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-natural-language-processing-with-python)

CUDA

- [book-professional-cuda-c-programming](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-professional-cuda-c-programming)

Python

- [book-python-testing-cookbook](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-python-testing-cookbook)
- [book-data-structure-and-algorithms-in-python](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-data-structure-and-algorithms-in-python)
- [book-learning-python-the-hard-way](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-learning-python-the-hard-way)

Scala

- [book-programming-in-scala](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/programming-in-scala)

R

- [book-an-introduction-to-statistical-learning](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-an-introduction-to-statistical-learning)

SAS

- [book-learning-sas-by-example](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/book-learning-sas-by-example)

Udacity
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- [udacity-st101-intro-to-statistics](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-st101-intro-to-statistics)

- [udacity-cs212-design-of-computer-programs](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-cs212-design-of-computer-programs)
- [udacity-cs215-social-network-analysis](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-cs215-social-network-analysis)
- [udacity-cs262-programming-languages](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-cs262-programming-languages)
- [udacity-cs258-software-testing](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-cs258-software-testing)
- [udacity-cs259-software-debugging](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-cs259-software-debugging)

- [udacity-ud032-data-wrangling-with-mongodb](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-ud032-data-wrangling-with-mongodb)
- [udacity-ud585-intro-to-ios-app-development-with-swift](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-ud585-intro-to-ios-app-development-with-swift)
- [udacity-carnd-self-driving-car](https://github.com/alpesis-mooc/udacity-carnd-self-driving-car)
